The Yo-yo package that you're
using to include the HTML strings-
>> Yes.
>> Do you know if underneath,
that's just doing an innerHTML call?
>> It's actually doing
something pretty sophisticated.
So the first thing that it does, so
when you use that little HTML
with back ticks around it,
that's a tagged template literal, which is
part of the language now in JavaScript.
>> In 6.
>> Yeah, in ES6.
And that kicks off this parser.
I actually wrote the parser that Yo-yo
is using but it's few steps removed now,
people have built more stuff on top of it.
And I just use their thing,
cuz I don't wanna write my own stuff if
someone else did it in a way that I like.
So those pieces are using
this package called morphdom,
that's like virtual DOM,
but with the real DOM.
So it does diffing with the DOM elements
that are already in the browser.
And so you don't get the flash of page
content when you blow away the DOM tree
by setting innerHTML or anything like
that, it does it more intelligently.
And it also sets up all the event emitters
and everything in a pretty sensible way.
>> So it's not just a Band-Aid
over an innerHTML call?
>> No, it's much more sophisticated.
There's a framework as well, it's the only
framework that I like, it's called Choo,
C-H-O-O.
And it's barely any more than what
he showed you [LAUGH] already.
And for something slightly more
complicated, I like to use Choo.
But for things that are as simple as this,
I think it's fine just
to use Yo-yo directly.
But there's another one called bel,
I don't really even know what
the difference is, B-E-L.
Use either one, I think they both
kinda work basically the same.
So it was fun to see that unfold, cuz I
made it a tool for something different.
I made this like HTML parser for doing
stuff with some alt-virtual DOM packages,
cuz I don't like how
config heavy React is.
It's like, I don't have to use it,
I'd rather use other things
that I like better instead.
And then people took that and
found out that was faster in
a lot of cases to do diffing with
regular the DOM instead of virtual DOM,
cuz you save on some overhead.
It's not faster for all cases, but
it's like comparable in all cases, and
it's simpler.
And then other people took that idea and
built other pieces on top.
Built a whole kind of Redux-style
framework with unidirectional flow and
everything.
I think it compresses minified and
gzip-ed to be three kilobytes or
something obscenely small like that,
all told when it gets to the browser.
>> Makes it hard to track down like
what is actually happening, with with so
many different packages and
modules and frameworks.
>> Yes, [LAUGH] that is true.
[LAUGH] Yeah,
there's a lot of layers.
And I think as the web gets even
more features and more of this
technology becomes kind of stabilized,
you're just gonna get even more.
Just imagine how many things you have
to know now to be a web developer.
There's gonna just be even
more things in the future.
It's gonna just, I don't know,
I think it'll be fun.
[LAUGH]